Hey, good morning, evening, family.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I haven't been on in a while.
I've been just seeking the Lord and asking Him, basically, what's coming, praying over our nation, praying over the things that I last live, all the heaviness of that.
It has been a major spiritual warfare concerning all this stuff, and I truly appreciate all y'all's prayers for my family.
There's a lot of things that are happening in the spirit realm concerning us that I just don't go into.
And so, I just want to tell you all thank you for your prayers for us.
It means a lot, and I can feel them.
And so, I just wanted to say thank you for praying for my family, thank you for praying for us.
When you poke the devil in the eye, you get a reaction, and that's all I'll say about it.
And so, I just wanted to say first and foremost, thank you for praying for us.
There is a lot going on, and I say that a lot, but it seems as we keep getting into this, it's an escalation.
It just keeps escalating and escalating, just like from the 23rd.
We see the two-state solution.
They're talking about all this stuff, talking about Israel, Gaza, talking about peace.
But at the same time, I warned you all that there would be an attempt to have an event at Sydney at the Opera House.
And if you go back to the videos back whenever I spoke about it, I told you that there would be a major event tried to take place at the Opera House.
Well, today or yesterday, can you play that video?
There were all kinds of threats at that Opera House, and they had a massive protest event in Australia concerning Palestine and Israel.
And so, this is prophecy unfolding.
This is a watchman unfolding.
This is all happening just as we speak, this stuff I told you.
I saw that if we did not pray, there would be major explosions and things taking place in Sydney, and it would be around that Opera House.
And I've warned of this for several months, warning about this and telling you what I saw concerning an uprising of anti-Semitism and protests and things happening in Australia.
So, do you have the video ready, son?
Well, he can't get it working; it's like frozen or something.
But it's happening in Australia.
And so, we see, if you look it up, you can find it yourself, but there's a lot of protests and a lot of major uprising going on there right now.
And at the same time, in Italy, I believe I saw a two-million-man march in Europe concerning the two-state solution and the Palestinian rioting, and all this stuff happening even in Rome.
So, another major incident happened in Rome this week.
Then we see another bomb threat.
We even had a bomb threat in New York this week, and I thought that was kind of interesting.
It was around the subway system, and then whatever we've been praying over the Hudson River.
From what I understood, somebody's wanting to introduce 40,000 gallons or more of toxic stuff into the Hudson as we're praying this nuclear stuff into the Hudson.
So, we're praying over the Hudson.
I thought that was interesting, because the Lord keeps bringing up the Hudson River, praying over the Hudson River, and then they say, 'We're going to release all this radioactive stuff into the water.
' And I thought, why would anybody do that?
That just doesn't make any sense, you know?
Why would you want to pollute your own water?
I just don't get it.
But, you know, people don't make sense in a lot of places.
I just thought that was really interesting that they were talking about that pollution in the water.
Do you have that article?
Could you show them that?
Move on.
And so, go down.
I want to show them this about the Sharia law.
Go right there.
Right there.
Go and show them.
So, the only states that have come against Sharia law are Louisiana, Tennessee, and Utah that have really come against it.
So, in progress, what they're working on, all the red is a definite no, and then the green-looking color, they're working on it.
So, Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Arkansas.
Pretty amazing, you know, that we have these great governors coming against that so we won't have Sharia law.
But I thought it was kind of cool that that gives you a visual so you can see it.
That's what we're praying into.
That's what we will pray into tonight, that our governors, our state senators, and our representatives in our own states will rise up and ban this from taking place in our states.
We don't want that going on here.
And so, pretty interesting, I think.
Oh, there's Florida, too.
Florida stood against it—tried but failed.
Tried but failed.
Oh, I didn't realize that was tried but failed.
Yes.
Working on it is green.
Working on it, green.
Tried but failed.
So, basically, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, all those blues, they tried but they failed.
So, they have people in there that are liberal, obviously, that want it.
So, we pray for all these other states that are going to try to stand against Sharia law.
We don't want that in our states.
We don't want that kind of...
I know I'm not really familiar with all that it entails, but I know that I don't want it.
I want us to be a Christian state.
I want us to stand like a backbone, like a crowbar for the Lord Jesus Christ in these last days, that we would be a place of revival, that we would be a place of great outpouring of the Spirit of God.
Not saying that all the others that are red won't have that, but I'm just saying, as for me and my house, what we stand for, even what we stand for on this channel, we stand for the Lord Jesus Christ.
So, I think it's interesting, the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Where are we?
And this is the kind of stuff that we're seeing.
We're seeing major protests in these cities all around the world, as you see.
Do you have those articles?
Major protests.
And we see all those major things happening all around.
We see they're getting ready for earthquakes.
They're talking about earthquakes.
They're talking about all the things that we're seeing in prayer ahead of time.
So, what's the most amazing part, ladies and gentlemen, is we see it months before we see it in the news.
We are the news.
And that's what the Lord told us we needed to be.
We're not reporters.
We're not going and praying about the news.
We're praying before the news happens, making a place of preparation, telling the people what's coming, so that we're watchmen on the wall.
So, as we see this last prayer call, I saw some things that were very dark, and it was very heavy, a lot of the things that the Lord has shown me.
So, I have really had to go by myself with my wife and my kids to really pray over things, because He would not allow me to let it be public.
We see more SIM cards unfolding in New Jersey.
I don't know how many hundreds of more SIM cards with a new little station they found again, with more acceleration of this.
So, then you see that.
Do you see that, son?
Did you show them that?
That's the protest.
Where is that at?
In Italy.
Italy.
Okay, this is Italy.
There are over two million people in Italy?
Spain.
Barcelona.
Barcelona, Spain.
So, there are over two million people protesting and doing that today, right?
Yeah, today.
This happened today, or October 4th?
October 4th.
Yesterday.
Do you see how many people?
This is an uprising.
I told you great anti-Semitism will rise up in the days ahead, great persecution will come, and then it will spread to the church.
It won't just stop with the Jews.
I saw it coming against Christian thinking, conservative thinking: a great persecution.
I saw an olive press coming on the church in the days ahead.
And you know, when you feel like—I said what I have felt privately, what I don't get into—the pressure, it makes you, in the natural, want to retreat from what you're doing and go, 'Why hold on?
Why am I doing this?
' But then you realize God's called you, and God asked you to do it.
Because I told Dee, I said, 'You know, it wouldn't be nothing to just push the button and walk away because of what we're feeling and what's happening.
' But there is accountability by the Holy Spirit of what He's asked you to do in these last days.
And I said, 'Fear God, not man.
Fear God, not man.
Fear God, not man, for what they threaten, how they threaten you.
' When you're uncovering things that are very heavy, that weight of threats, the weight of persecution, the weight of feeling unsafe, nobody's ever going to understand that until they walk it.
And unless you've been on a public platform, and as fast as this has grown, it's really easy to be in the peanut gallery and say, 'Well, I could do it,' until it starts hitting your walls.
It's easy to say that.
That is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
Until that starts happening to you, and you've got demonic stuff going on and you've got this, and you go, 'Well, my goodness, we obviously struck a nerve.
' But it is, like I said, it has been a very interesting several days for us.
But I just want to tell you all, because I saw we will give an account unto the Lord one day for everything He's called you to do and everything you chose not to do because of what He asked you to do, if that makes sense.
Every one of us will give an account to the Father one day.
No matter what, it may be the smallest thing in your eyes and it may be the largest thing, but every one of us will give an account to Him.
And the Lord said, 'Fear Me, not man.
' If they can take the life from your lungs, if they try to do all these things, get into Psalm 91.
Get into 'The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want,' Psalm 23.
Get into 'A thousand shall fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand,' because it's just going to escalate and increase.
This is a low level compared to what's going to happen.
We are in a time like we've never seen before.
And the Lord said things are about to...
You think this right here is something that you're seeing, all that is going on right here?
These are little things compared to the escalation of where we are in the end times.
My people need to get ready for what is about to take place—a great shaking to awaken.
We're just barely at the very top of the surface of things for the beginning of sorrows.
We're just seeing this, folks.
And that's what He told me.
He said, 'Brandon, do you not realize on the 23rd of September is the point of no return?
Now things are going to get radical.
' Do you understand?
Do you understand?
We saw some things, but we're about to see some major things—signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And that's why He told me, 'You pray against the plague that's trying to come.
Pray for protection over the nation, for a great uprising of anti-Semitism, for they have to defeat the eagle so that they can get to Israel.
They have to try to be an infestation of their radical Islamic ideas to infiltrate America to change it within.
' We must defend the eagle.
And the Lord was showing me the crippling of the eagle, trying to—all of what's come across the border, trying to influence not just with fear tactics, but infiltrate the politics and the very structure of America altogether, what we stand for, our Constitution, challenging it with different ideas and their theology of what they believe: having our women walk around with those tarps on their heads, not eating pork, not doing things.
We shouldn't eat pork anyway, but I mean, it's really toxic.
As we see this man that was eating pork in England, and they saw him eating pork in England—and I can't play the video because it has so much foul language, but they beat him because he was eating pork on the side of the road.
It's not funny.
Forgive me.
I just thought how ridiculous it's getting.
It's not funny, but I try to find the humor in things.
I think this is getting out of control.
These people are—I mean, you're going to beat somebody for eating pork?
They just went nuts on him, and they're serious.
Yeah.
So you see, they are very upset about it.
I don't know if he was eating bacon or ham, but whatever.
But if it starts over there, it will try to spread over here.
You think, 'Well, it will never happen here,' but I'm sure they thought the same thing.
As you get radicalized in your mind and you get your government to start—for instance, New York City.
If you get that mayor that everybody's thinking is the greatest thing, 'Well, he's going to give us free healthcare and give us food stores all over the place, give us free food and free...
' Folks, there's nothing free.
Somebody's got to pay for it.
There are no free medicines; somebody is paying for it.
Right?
Do you understand?
'Well, you know, he's going to give...
' You know, I saw 'F the rich,' 'tax the rich,' all about attacking the rich.
The rich people are the ones that made the jobs for the poor people to have a job, but they want to attack the rich and tell them, 'F the rich,' and do all these bad things, and want to kill all the rich people.
And they're the ones that started a business, just like anybody else has the opportunity in America to start something.
If you just put a little oomph behind something, whether it's eBay or Poshmark or like us, you can take nothing and make it into something.
But it just takes a little bit of backbone to say, 'Hey, this is what I want to do, what God's called me to do,' and He'll breathe on your business.
But most people want to sit by with a welfare mentality and have their hand out saying, 'I want a free hot dog,' or, 'I want a free something.
Give me my free cell phone.
I want free medical.
I want free this.
I want free that.
' But they don't want to put the effort into doing it.
And that's ridiculous.
If you don't work, you don't eat.
That's just what I believe.
If you don't put your boat in motion and work hard like everybody has the opportunity to, by the sweat of your brow, to say, 'Listen...
' I believe that God will anoint your hands to prosper in every area of your life.
But a percentage—that's a better way to say it.
The Lord said, 'It's not most, don't exaggerate.
' A percentage of people have a welfare mentality thinking, 'Hey, it should be free to me because I've had a hard life.
' Who hasn't had a hard life?
Who hasn't had challenges?
I'm not a victim.
I choose, even with the education that I have—and I barely have a GED because I struggled all through, being a janitor most of my life and doing all that I have—I told myself regardless, I'm going to come up with an idea, either detailing cars or doing...
and then God gave us eBay and Poshmark, selling on those platforms, finding stuff at thrift stores.
You have to have a can-do attitude.
Even if you sell a pair of jeans and you bought it for 50 cents and you sell it for $5, it's a better day.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Even if you only sell ten items in that day and you really tried hard, and you found it, and you spent maybe two bucks and you sold it for less than 100, it's still a good day.
And if you do that every day, that turns really nice, and then it multiplies the more you work at it.
But my point is that there are a lot of times I feel like people—like I see on here, our government shut down still.
We're going into like three or four days of this, and they say, 'Well, we want to give free healthcare out to everybody, to the immigrants that are coming over.
' We need to give free healthcare.
" And I'm thinking, "That's absurd.
You don't give free healthcare to me.
Are y'all kidding me?
Well, we should give them free healthcare.
" No.
No, you shouldn't give them free healthcare.
You shouldn't.
You know, I don't even believe that we need free healthcare.
And I'm an American citizen that pays taxes.
That's absurd.
Nothing is free.
It costs people something.
You work hard.
I don't ever expect anybody just to give you a handout.
You know what I'm saying?
Unless God's put it on their heart to sow a seed.
That's different.
But I just don't understand the mentality of people.
And I watch it on these videos, and Braden shows them to me because I don't watch a lot of the news.
I don't like to filter it, but Braden, he is in it all day long.
He's a little news guy.
And I told him, he goes, "Dad, did you see this?
" I said, "Wow, this is crazy.
" Remember the word that I told you to watch the opera house?
Tell us in the comments right now.
Do you remember when I told you all about the opera house and I said, "Watch the opera house.
Watch what happens with the opera house and the uprising that will take place there.
" That's what I was seeing right there.
Isn't that amazing?
It's right there in the news.
Everything I tell you is coming.
Watch the opera house.
Does anybody remember that?
We can make a short about it if you don't, because it's there.
And I got video after video of warning you of things coming just like that are going to escalate in a way that is going to be shock and awe in the days ahead.
And I saw a storm around Benjamin.
And I saw a storm around Israel on all sides coming.
And I saw biological attacks coming to Israel.
They say that peace and safety is coming on right now off this Gaza and Hamas.
I'm telling you, they're plotting and planning something much worse than October 7th is what I saw.
And the Lord said this will happen in the middle of the night.
They're moving in the night.
And the Lord told us that they will try to actually take out Benjamin.
If anybody understands what I'm trying to say.
And I even saw them trying to take out Zelensky, trying to put in a proxy government that's pro-Ukraine, pro-Russia, and that they would have a new face.
And it was an elderly man.
I saw him, that was pro-Ukraine, pro-Russia in the days ahead.
If everybody remembers that, do you remember that?
And I think that's interesting because I have these glimpses and I'm able to see way up in the future of something that they're plotting and planning.
And I even remember who was over it and who did it, but I can't say their names on here because the Lord actually showed me the faces of the men that were over it.
There's a lot of things I can't say anymore because I have so much different law enforcement.
I try to watch what I say.
I don't want to cause fear in people's hearts, but I still deliver the word the best I can to you of what the Lord is saying.
Last time, I was not able to really deliver a lot of that.
All I was able to do is touch the surface.
Everything I was shown Wednesday night was wow.
And I didn't know how to really process it by myself.
And it took me all these days praying over our nation because of what I've seen—an enemy within, a Red Dawn experience, Pearl Harbor.
And I gave keywords like Timothy McVeigh and things like that to pray about, and there are so many of you all that are mature enough to handle it, and you prayed and helped me.
And it's not over praying over this beautiful nation, but it's working as we saw bomb threats in—where did you have the bomb threats?
Yes.
Which one?
Was in New Jersey and they shut down.
They said it was all okay.
But it goes identically alongside what I told you we had to pray for.
This is a big deal.
This is it.
And I thought, isn't that interesting?
I don't know if they found the person who's giving the threats, but this is the same subway system, the bus, the transit, the systems of how everybody travels in these major cities, praying over our protection.
Do you have it?
Just show them.
I have it on—yeah, that's fine.
You don't have to show them.
Just show them the article.
They can see it.
"Times Square subway trains canceled, NYPD on the scene.
" Do you understand?
This is what we are praying into.
This just happened.
This is what I told you.
I said I have an urgency.
We must pray right now.
This is what we were praying over and I couldn't get into all of it.
Do you all see?
I have a big responsibility and the Lord keeps telling me, "You must pray.
You must pray.
" And as we're able to divert things, stop things, we saw more, like I said, of the SIM cards being uncovered.
An underground networking of communication and chatter that is beyond what you all can comprehend, from New York to Seattle.
It covers the whole nation.
And I saw more of those little cards.
I saw lots of them.
And they were in lots of different cities.
They uncovered one thing in New York—well, several little things—but this is a vast network that spans throughout.
Then we see our military, and I warned you.
I warned you of a rat within.
Remember I said there's a rat in the White House, there's a rat in the Pentagon, there's a rat in the law enforcement, there's a rat in the judges.
This right here is them obviously taking prayer.
We're praying into this, saying that they want to make each one of these men have a polygraph test.
5,000 men go through a polygraph test.
Why?
Because they got to figure out who's a rat.
And there's rats.
And I said, "The man that I see has all these badges, just like that.
" And I said, "There's somebody in there.
" And remember when I told you, did I say that publicly?
Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
About rats within the Pentagon.
I know.
But what the man doing that and deciphering code?
Yeah, like I made that public.
Okay, I have to go over it because he's the only one.
He's my scribe.
He writes everything down.
You said you sent it to family.
Okay.
So I saw the man in the Pentagon taking a deciphered message and giving it to somebody in Europe, and then Europe was giving it to another person in another area.
So as they were communicating, it was a three-way tie delivering secret information out of the Pentagon into other countries—a rat within.
And the Lord told us that, remember?
Like I said, I don't remember some of the stuff I make public, and I can't even believe I did that.
But since I already did, it's there.
But I go, okay, that was really probably not wise.
But we see it.
It's on the news.
There's another article.
All these guys, it's not just about them saying you're too fat and you got to lose weight, or about being homosexual or whatever.
It's something deeper.
What was on the 100,000 SIM cards that they found?
This is a much bigger picture, a much bigger picture.
We have an enemy within.
And there's some things I really wish I could say because I'm telling you, these guys, there are some evil people out there.
Boy, we have some evil people out there.
Let's take communion and let's just pray.
I've kept you all long enough.
It's already way too late.
I came on—we had a guest speaker at our church tonight, and I try to fill myself up by listening.
Nancy Dufresne, healing evangelist.
You know, it's a blessing whenever a different kind of anointing comes to your church, but she's long-winded compared to a lot.
So we're here a lot later.
I didn't get to go, I watch it online.
So I keep myself full.
I just love you all.
I truly am so thankful for every single one of you.
You've made such a difference in our life by praying for us and being a part of our prayer family.
I'm believing God that there's something major about to happen, that Megan is going to be healed this month.
I just believe there's something major; I can feel it.
When the demonic pressure comes on so strong and you feel what I have felt and what's happened, you know that a breakthrough is right around the corner.
He comes to test it—the devil does—because he sees something major is about to happen for your life.
It's like the one-yard line that Pastor Chip always talks about: the bigger the linemen come out whenever you're first-and-goal.
You're about ready to make a touchdown, but he sends his bigger devils out to keep you from getting the touchdown.
And you may be first-and-goal, and you've got four downs left.
And you're saying, 'Hey, I can hit this thing four times.
' But the devil tried to knock you down at the first-and-goal.
Either you have a backbone, stand up, and say, 'I'm pushing through, and I'm going to get that touchdown.
I'm going to get my victory,' because he knows that you're first-and-goal.
He knows you're first-and-goal.
And that's where we are right now with a lot of people in the victory of their lives.
He knows that there's an expiration date to your problem, that your victory is coming.
Do you understand?
There's an expiration date to it.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you all: he knows when you're about to get your major breakthrough.
And I can feel it, that there's something major about to happen in the body of Christ.
And the Lord said to me when I was going through all this this week, he said, 'I'm watching.
What are you going to do?
Are you going to turn tail and run?
Are you going to practice what you preach, even when all this stuff is privately coming against you?
' Because your flesh gets a little—I could physically, in the spirit realm, hear the roar.
The roar.
You know the Bible says the devil is a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
He couldn't devour, but he's roaring.
And the roar, you know, when you hear—if you've ever been to the zoo and heard how loud a lion's roar is, it's very intimidating.
It echoes through the whole zoo.
You can be at one point in the zoo, because we have a really big zoo and a big lion exhibit here in Oklahoma City.
The lion is so loud when that lion is going, you can hear it.
It echoes and vibrates through the air all throughout the whole zoo, and it's massive, and you go, 'Whoa, what is that?
' But you can hear it, and it's so loud, it's intimidating.
Clear to the parking lot, and you're going, 'What in the world is that?
That sounds weird.
' And it's so loud, and it vibrates, and you can feel the power of that lion's roar.
When he's growling, making that growl sound, you can hear it.
And the Lord reminded me as I was dealing with some stuff, he said, 'You hear the roar, don't you?
' I said, 'Yeah, I do.
My flesh is a little scared right now, Lord, in the natural.
I need you to give me comfort.
' He said, 'Are you going to turn tail and run, Brennon?
Are you going to run from the roaring lion seeking whom he may devour?
Are you going to run?
' I said, 'Lord, my flesh wants to, but I fear God.
I fear you, Lord.
I don't fear man.
' When I hear this roar, and it's so loud, it's literal.
I can hear it in the spirit.
And I sat there, and I could hear the chatter in the spirit realm all outside.
And my little girl came and said, 'Daddy, what are we going to do?
' because they could see I was acting a little off the last couple of days.
She goes, 'You know, I was praying for you last night in the spirit.
All night long, I prayed in tongues.
I was praying for you in tongues, Daddy.
' And she goes, 'What are we going to do, Daddy?
' I said, 'Well, we're going to anoint the house with oil, honey.
' And she goes, 'Okay, well, give me my own oil.
' So, I gave her one of Billy Burke's oils he gave me.
She was so excited; she treasured it.
She took it, went in there, and started going, 'I plead the blood.
I plead the blood.
' She was anointing our house with oil.
It made me proud.
It's real to us.
It's real to my kids: the power of the blood of Jesus when the storm winds blow on your house and you can feel the demonic, and you know you've poked him in the eye and there's so much going on that I will never talk about on here.
But either you believe it or you don't.
Either you believe like he said: you either believe in Psalms 91 in these last days and you stand and say what I've told you to say, or you don't.
You either get Psalms 91 down inside of you and Psalms 23.
I told you, if you do not get Psalms 91...
I need my peppermint, sorry.
When I start crying, it causes drainage.
Sorry, y'all, I get too emotional.
It's real to us.
Like I said, you may be watching a video, you may be watching a live stream right now, but what I'm doing is something that most people would never have the courage to do.
I can assure you there's a lot of lip service, and there are a lot of things that I think a lot of people say, 'Oh yeah, I do that.
' And when the Lord looked at me and he pointed his finger at me and he said, 'Are you willing to die for me?
Are you willing to stand on the wall and tell the people the hard things?
I've called you to say the hard things that no one else will say.
I've called you to warn my people that I'm coming.
There will be great reward to this, but it will cost.
' And he said, 'You haven't even hardly done anything yet for what I've really called you to do.
' And I was like, 'Man, oh yeah, Lord, let's do this.
' And it's so easy to say that when you feel the anointing and everything is going.
But when the anointing lifts, and you're standing there and you go, 'Did you abandon me?
' as the lion's roaring outside.
And I told D, 'The lion's roaring.
I don't feel him right now.
I don't feel the Holy Ghost.
I feel like he walked off.
' And I'm trying to figure out, and I'm going, 'What's going on?
' But that's a test.
It's a test.
'Will you turn tail and run, or do you fear me?
' And that's why I try to be as real with you all as I can be.
It's easy to do it when the spotlight's on and everybody's like, 'Yeah, you can do this.
' But in the stillness of the night, in the bed when the lights are out and you're looking around in a dark room and you feel demonic royalty outside, principalities, and you hear the roaring lion—you hear that and you know that you've done something in the spirit realm to really tick some things off—and you sit there and you go, 'The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
A thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
They will come at me one way, and before my face they will be defeated and flee before me seven ways.
My God is my abundant supply.
He's my ever-present help in a time of need.
' Even when you don't see it, either you believe it or you don't.
It's easy to do it when you're on the high, but when you go through the valley and it feels so alone, when you don't have the elders calling, you don't have the people trying to pour into you, it's just you and the Holy Ghost.
And the devil says, 'I'm going to kill you,' yelling as loud as he can, and you're going, 'I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that.
' And you sit there, and the voice of the spirit realm is so loud, and you're going, 'No, no weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
' I refuse to take these thoughts.
I refuse to let the enemy come in like a flood because the Spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it, and they are safe.
Thus saith the Lord, no weapon formed against me will prosper.
And like I said, Psalm 91 became really real this week as I kept reading it, and I've been meditating on it and thinking about each little passage, thinking about what He said about me, regardless of what I reveal on this thing and warning you all about the enemy within from the gangs and the things that I've seen.
This is much darker than what you'll ever realize.
This is a level of darkness that I had no idea and corruption that was in this country.
It is massive.
It's like looking at Mount Everest or the tallest mountain in the world, and you're looking at it going, 'Oh my gosh, how did it get this bad?
' But we only see the surface as American citizens.
But you don't realize how bad the corruption is deep within and how far it goes.
And you go, 'How did it get this way?
' And the Lord showed me.
He said, 'Brandon, what's wrong with America is the church.
If the pastors will preach the uncompromising word of God and not some kind of skinny jeans and fog machines shaking, you know, like a 30-minute sermon, a little bit of a weak, limp-wrist word—you got some pastor that's up there preaching something out of AI, and you got the AI going on and on and on.
Thank you, son.
I really appreciate that.
They ain't even preaching the word.
They're just preaching an AI sermon.
' The Lord even showed us that, remember?
And after I see all this stuff and the Lord shows me, He says, 'If you want your America back, it starts in the church, and then it spreads to the home.
' And it is a moral decay.
It's the small foxes that spoil the vine.
He said, 'Brandon, it starts with the church first, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
But you're wanting to change politics.
You're wanting to change all this, Brandon.
What you're seeing, all this came out of the church not doing what they're supposed to do and taking their authority.
Everything that I'm showing you right now with the cancer that is within the nation that is about to take your nation down—you do not realize what truly was averted just by having Donald Trump in for the next three and a half years that we have left of him.
If Kamala would, I'm telling you, we would have been done.
You say, 'Oh, Brandon, I don't believe that.
' You don't know how bad it was.
He is the tree in the road.
Donald Trump is giving us a window.
And you say, 'Well, you seem real right.
' Yes, I'm more right-wing than anything.
I'm telling you, I stand by God's moral values.
I don't try to be political, folks, but at least some of them go that way.
Not all of them.
There's RINOs.
There's bad people.
I'm telling you, I know who they are.
I'm sure a lot of you do, too.
But we have one that's not a perfect man by no means.
He is compromised.
He has all kinds of stuff in his life, but that's who we had to work with.
And God said, 'I chose him for right now, and his name's Donald Trump.
' Not perfect, but God can use somebody that just has a heart for the country.
Some of it's probably not good.
He's not all good, I'm sure, but he's better than anybody else that's been in there for a long time, okay?
So, we stand and we pray for him because we need him to fix things.
If he can turn things over the next three and a half years, if we can get a red wave again in 2026, we have an opportunity to see some more good stuff.
But I'm telling you, if Kamala would have been in there, folks, I'm telling you by what I have seen, America, it was TKO.
But God said, 'I've given you a three and a half year window now.
What will you do with it, church?
' That's how serious it is right now.
We must expose the corrupt judges, the corrupt law enforcement, the corrupt politicians.
There must be a cleansing of the house.
It's like with the polygraph test that you're seeing here.
5,000 men in our service that you don't realize how corrupt they are.
Very bad men are in our military in certain places.
And so that's why I'm trying to tell you, but it doesn't just stop.
America is a roadblock for the rest of the world bringing forth the beast system.
They are on a fast track right now in England and all these other, Australia, to get in social, these IDs and all this digital ID stuff.
It's all coming out as fast as it can.
But America is standing in the way, I'm telling you.
And then when America goes on that, this thing's going to steamroll.
We're about to see things that you never dreamed you'd see.
The beginning of sorrows started.
And I'm telling you, the point of no return started on the 23rd.
And look at what's happening after the 23rd.
It's escalating.
It's getting more and more and more.
So, I'm just trying to tell you it's time to pray now.
It's getting late, way too late.
But let's pray.
Who wants to go tubing for a little bit?
You can put that on there.
Can they see that?
Yes.
There's a two million rally in Italy.
Two million people.
I told you Italy is fixing to have a major shaking.
What did I tell you about Italy?
I said it will be split with an earthquake.
I said the Vatican will be shaken and a major revival will take place in the Vatican.
Does anybody remember that?
Look at Italy today.
A major shaking's coming to Italy.
So, show them that thing about the earthquake right there.
Can you show them that?
That's pretty interesting.
When you show me that, that's interesting.
Remember I said I saw part of the land break off in California and split off and fell into the water?
It could devastate California.
Could devastate California.
They know what's coming.
But I said massive earthquakes.
Seattle, British Columbia, all these areas.
And they're trying to warn everybody.
Look at the earthquakes that are coming.
Signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Where are we?
Father, we just thank You, Father, for the body.
We thank You, Lord, that You died for us.
You rose again on the third day, and that Father, we have the victory.
We believe that we receive Your divine protection over this nation.
We believe we receive, Father, as watchmen and watchwomen on the wall, that we stand in the gap for our nation.
We pray for our president tonight.
We pray for our great nation around the world.
South Korea, to have a major revival.
That China would not infiltrate South Korea, and that North Korea would have a major revival within, that Kim Jong-un would have his day, and that You said that the Iron Curtain would come down, O Father, that we would see a major revival all throughout South Korea.
And Father, we'll see a major revival all throughout China, all throughout Australia, all throughout the Philippines.
We believe, Father, that You've not done with this great world yet, that You said, 'One last call, one major harvest of souls is coming.
' And when the winds and the storms blow around us, Father, we stand our ground.
And we thank You, Lord, that You said, 'Father, peace be still to the storms.
' Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body.
I thank You, Lord, that I'm healed and whole and well.
Diana, my wife, is healed.
Braden, Paisley, Megan, Father, we all walk in divine health.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
I apply the blood of Jesus all around us, Father, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
And I thank You, Lord, for Your angels that they protect us.
They bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we stand, and when all there else to do is stand, we stand therefore.
And we take this body in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you've done already and all that you continue to do.
For Father, the enemy couldn't take us out when we were sinners, and he can't take us out when we're believing believers.
We're still here.
And God has a plan for us.
Even when we were in our darkest hour and we turned our back on God, God's never turned his back on us.
And as a nation, I thank you, God, that you've never turned your back on this nation.
Even whenever there's so many that have turned their back on you, Lord, there's a remnant of us, Lord, that stand in the gap saying, "Father, if there be 50 righteous, have mercy on this land.
" There's a remnant of us, Lord, that stand in the gap as of tonight.
I don't know how many thousand, Father, but we believe 6,000 people all around the world.
If there's a remnant of us, Lord, of just the 6,000 on here, we say, God, if there be just 6,000 righteous, would you spare it?
That we would rise up and ask you, God, for one last revival from sea to shining sea all around this world.
That we would see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
If there just be 6,000 of us, Lord, asking you for it, Lord, if you would do it for 10, there's over six.
There's five at least, maybe a couple of spectators, I don't know.
But there's many of us that stand on the wall asking you for the greatest revival all throughout this world.
You said, Father, that we would preach the gospel throughout the whole world and then the end would come.
And Father, I'm asking you right now to touch the hearts of people right now.
All the wayward people, all the backward, backslidden, on their way to hell Christians.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're stirring in us.
Father, that you've called us and you've chosen us for such a time as this.
And when the storms and winds blow, Father, we stand.
We thank you that the name of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory.
We give you all the praise, Father, for what you did for us, that we will see the greatest move of God this world has ever seen before in the name of Jesus.
Take the body, Lord.
We take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our house.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our finances.
We apply the blood of Jesus, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about us.
We have angels that are bigger than any demonic.
There's more that is with us than there is with them.
And we thank you, Father, for the blood.
And we apply the blood, Father.
And we fear God, not man.
For there will be a day that every knee shall bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
There will be a day when every knee will bow, Lord.
There will be a day in heaven and in earth and in hell that every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
We believe, Father, that that's what your word says, that even in hell they will bow their knee.
Every devil in hell will bow their knee and they will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Every knee will bow.
Every knee—it didn't say just talking about humans; he's talking about every knee, everyone.
Jesus Christ is Lord.
He's not just Lord; he's Lord over me.
He's Lord over my house.
He's Lord over my finances.
He's Lord over my mind.
He's Lord over me and my children and my wife.
He is Lord over us.
And as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word says.
And if God be for me, who can be against me?
So I thank you, Lord.
Father, every tongue that rises against me, we condemn it.
Every word, every curse, every witchcraft plot, every satanic incantation, whatever it may be, everything that tries to come against us, Father, it falls at our feet.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
I thank you, Father, for every plot, every plan, every pursuit is under our feet in the name of Jesus.
For Jesus Christ is our Lord.
We take the blood right now, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
Thank you, Lord, for your watching over every family here tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time doing what you've asked us to do.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
Now, God, I pray over anything you want to show me.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm not snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus over anything that I see, that nothing if it's not from you.
If it's not from you, we will not see it.
I thank you, Lord, that we have a discerning of spirits.
We're able to tell when the devil's trying to mess with us in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
You have to thank him for the blood.
There is power, power, oh wonderworking power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh wonderworking power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh wonderworking power in the blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh wonderworking power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Would you be free from your burden of sin?
There's power in the blood, power in the blood.
Do you believe that?
There's wonderworking power in the blood.
There is power, power, oh wonderworking power in the blood of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh wonderworking power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Thank you, Father.
Would you be free from your burden of sin?
There's power in the blood, power in the blood.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we worship you tonight.
We thank you, Lord.
There's power in the blood, there's power in the blood of Jesus.
There is wonderworking power in the precious blood, for it's what washes us white and clean.
It's what gives us strength from day to day.
It's the blood, it's the blood of Jesus.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
It's the blood that never loses its power, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
We believe, Father, the blood of Jesus covers us tonight.
We believe, Father, the blood covers our households and we sleep uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We believe, Father, that you've called us and chosen us for such a time as this.
And that, Father, we're in the midst, in the palm of your hand and the hollow of the hand, and we're resting in that secret place.
We're resting in the secret place of the most high, abiding under the shadow of the almighty.
Thank you, Father.
Wonderworking power in the blood.
Thank you, Father, for our president tonight.
We lift him up before you, God, that he has godly wisdom to run this country.
We thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, every pursuit on his life, Father, is foiled.
It will not bear fruit over his grandchildren, his children, over Don Jr.
, Eric, the girls, over Barron.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Melania, all of them, they're all protected by the blood of Jesus Christ.
That a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
I apply the blood of Jesus over the Trump family, over our nation, and over every plot, every plan, over every terrorist activity.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are helping our law enforcement out.
I call an uncovering of every rat in the Pentagon and the rat in the White House, every rat that would be in law enforcement in the NYPD or the LAPD or all of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every rat, every crooked agent would be exposed in Jesus' name and brought out and fired.
Father, I thank you, Lord, every treasonous act would be exposed in Jesus' name.
That the hand of the Lord, even on our judges, Father, that the hand of the Lord would be upon our judges all throughout Europe.
Father, that the law enforcement, Father, all that's going on right now, and the politicians—we know that there's a great escalation for the end times because your Son is coming.
But I thank you for that great shaking to awaken.
I'm going to pray in the spirit concerning this because I just had in the vision, while I'm talking to y'all, I saw the light coming upon the world again as a great wave of revival is about to come.
I call the revival in Jesus' name.
Every time I see it, every time I get that glimpse, I see the darkness upon the earth.
And as the darkness is upon the earth, the light comes and Jesus comes to set the captives free.
There is a major event that's about to take place worldwide.
There is a major event that's going to shake the world.
Everything you know is about to change.
Everything you've ever known is about to change.
A great shaking to awaken for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before is right at our door.
We're there.
The first domino is about to fall.
I know I keep saying this, but I have to keep saying what he tells me to tell you.
I must warn you: you must get your house in order.
You're running out of time.
You must know who you are in Christ—not just a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, but I'm talking about who you are in Christ, that you have power and authority over the devil concerning you and your house.
Do you take your dominion authority and pray over your children and over your wife and your husband?
Do you anoint your head with oil and your cup runneth over?
Surely goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life.
I believe that we're about to see the greatest harvest; it's already started.
I see going into '26 right now.
The protests will increase, the anti-Semitism will increase, and protests just like this will even begin in the streets, even in a greater way in America, and they will take place in Canada.
This is an antichrist spirit with an antichrist move bringing forth civil unrest and civil peace—it will start to boil over in the streets.
It will be in New York, it will be in LA, it will be in Miami, all in one day.
It will be worse.
They'll react and obey like a civil unrest that is worse than BLM.
Antifa will flow within, paid.
These people are paid.
Greater demonstrations, even in Europe.
Watch the Olympics.
All throughout Italy, all throughout the land, a great shaking in the land.
The Lord said a great shaking.
I see buildings shaking.
Italy is about to have a major shaking.
I see not Moscow; I see Monte Carlo.
They're trying to kick this thing off at a higher level of intensity concerning the war—the chess match.
The chess pieces are going back and forth, trying to get one to override the other, like who's going to throw the first punch in the bully in the schoolyard.
Where's that?
That's Monte Carlo.
Is it Montreal?
There'll be such a great shaking there.
Is that Italy, love?
Yeah, there's going to be such a great shaking even in this place.
It's like right next to...
it might be in France, right next to the border of Italy—they're very close.
There's something—whenever it was highlighted to me, there's great corruption at this place.
Monte Carlo, you hear me?
And it was highlighted, I saw rich people all over this place.
And the rich people, there's great corruption in the wealth in this place.
It's almost like a safe haven for the wealthy, a safe haven for rich people, but great corruption.
Do you hear me?
I'm talking great corruption here, and there's a shaking coming.
There's a shaking coming to Monte Carlo.
There's a shaking coming to Italy.
There's a shaking coming.
It's like a toy box.
I hear it, it's a toy box.
But watch the Olympics.
Pray over this timeframe, pray over these protests, pray into the first of the year.
I keep seeing January.
I see superyachts.
I see the boats.
There's great occultic practice here.
Italy will be shaken.
The Vatican will be shaken.
All Europe will be shaken.
A great, mighty revival will take place in Europe.
Looks like a lot of fun places to go.
I see the glory.
Good days are coming for the body of Christ—a great harvest.
These are days of great joy.
I just see it.
Do you know, whenever you see there's so much darkness all the time like I see, and when you see the body of Christ with smiles on their faces because they see their fellow brother coming to the Lord, that's joy.
When you see the lost come to Jesus, that's joy.
That's fun.
And that's what I keep seeing in these visions tonight: shaking, trying times to awaken with glory; shakings all happening and awakenings with great glory uprising; with anti-Semitism, all the stuff...
I'm telling you, just like it was with the ethnic cleansing, all the things that Hitler tried to stand for—push them into the sea, get rid of them, it's the size of New Jersey, but it's like we wanted to eradicate a race.
There's a demonic spirit behind it.
This all has to happen.
The Lord just said this all has to happen, just like you're seeing, for the Antichrist is a Muslim.
You are seeing it all unfold in front of your faces.
You are seeing the Mahdi is about to take place.
Do you see the Mahdi?
It's all setting the stage for a peace agreement with the Abrahamic Accords, with all these, with the great peace for a third temple to be built soon.
All of it is getting set up.
It's acceleration, a great war.
Ezekiel 38 and 39, these major, major escalations of things—we're just right at the cusp of it, all throughout Europe, all throughout this area of great shaking.
And he'll bring peace and safety.
'Everything's going to be okay.
I've got the plan, I've got the idea.
Follow me today.
' And everybody will follow him because of great turmoil, all this political upheaval, all this stuff.
And, you know, there are times when I'm looking over, I know that I probably am looking over into the Tribulation.
I told you I saw Iraq flourishing; I saw Saudi Arabia flourishing with great money coming up.
And it was a demonstration of the wealth for the Antichrist; that was his area of influence of where he was coming from.
And you'll see a Middle Eastern rise up seemingly out of nothing.
With Saudi Arabia, with the new city across the desert, all the things they're wanting to do.
We thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Father, for the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Lord, and even more, even all over the continent of Africa, all over the countries, Ghana and all—you know, you'll see an uprising of this anti-Semitism, pro-Palestinian, pro-Islam.
It's all setting in line.
He's working on all these people with a reprobate mind.
It's all coming in line.
The angels of the Lord are camping around you today.
They are camped around and about you today.
Start to anticipate.
He says, "Start to anticipate him to manifest through you every day.
When you lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
" This is a promise that you will lay hands on the sick and they'll recover.
Act out in boldness and watch what I will do through you.
Act out in boldness, shying not away from the things that I've called you to do.
Act out in boldness in these last days, expecting me to do a miracle through you.
And there will be prophetic words that will flow, and demonstrations, healings, and deliverances will flow.
Hearts will change.
Hardened hearts toward you will change.
Great favor will flow, and great open doors, and you will go.
Great favor will flow, and open doors of opportunity that no man can get the glory for.
For I will share no glory with man.
No man will get the glory for opportunities.
It's like I hear the word they say, "Well, that's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
" That's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, but those opportunities will come to you repeatedly.
Once-in-a-lifetime opportunities will come to you repeatedly.
Favor will flow.
For this will be a time of great acceleration of favor, walking not in hard labor, but days of favor.
Things that you struggled with that seemed to be a plague to you will break off of you.
I'm seeing people that are dealing with addictions from pornography to drugs to alcohol to sexual perversions that seem like they would be there for the rest of your life.
You thought, "Well, I'll just struggle, this is just going to be there.
" You'll wake up and it's going to be gone.
The struggle is gone.
The struggle is over.
Days of great deliverance concerning things that have plagued you and you've been addicted to.
I just believe it, Lord.
Thank you.
Believe in him for new cars.
Believe in him for new houses.
Believe in him for clothes.
Whatever you have need of, believe in him for it; he'll provide.
God is a God that will provide all you need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
No matter what it is, there's nothing out of reach by your faith.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
Every area of your life being blessed in the city, in the field, to the extreme until it overflows.
I believe I'm blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
I believe, Father, that this is a time of great acceleration, and I see him going into the rest of fall, October, November, December, believing for what seems to be impossible.
Financial breakthrough through certain investments will start to look like ripe cherries off of a tree.
The switch is coming on and ripe cherries off a tree.
It's going to be low-hanging, low-bearing fruit.
It's time to fill your storehouse full.
If you think what's happened so far is something, you've seen nothing yet.
He says, "You've seen nothing yet.
" Great acceleration is yet to come and the blessing and a lot of fun.
Keep your eyes upon him each day.
That's what he just talked about.
Don't get your eyes off of the blessing and don't look at the things around you.
Keep your eyes on him.
Don't let the blessing become a distraction to you.
Don't let the things around you become a distraction to you.
Keep your eyes on him.
The storm wind will blow, but your house is built upon the rock.
We call peace to the storms of our lives.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit, we thank you, Lord, that you're uncovering it.
And Father, I thank you.
They will come out against us one way but they will flee before us seven ways.
They will be defeated before our face.
That is my inheritance.
I believe, Father, for great protection over us in the name of Jesus.
Do you all believe that today?
He's making the crooked way straight.
Well, thank you for joining me tonight.
I didn't mean to keep you so late, but it's essential, and we're so grateful for you spending time with us tonight.
I pray you have a great rest here in America tonight.
You sleep well, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
All around the world, I pray your day is wonderful as you watch this.
I thank you for all your prayers, for all your likes, all the comments down below, clicking the notification bell, and subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Thank you for sticking around and praying with us.
I pray you're refreshed today and God gives you wind underneath your wings or wind in your sail, that you have the ability to get the job done because the Holy Spirit dwells on the inside of you.
He's never left us and he's never forsaken us.
He's given us great strength to get through this.
We're almost there, folks.
We just have a little bit more of a push.
If you're thirsty, drink today.
If you're hungry, knock.
And I believe with all my heart, God will fill your cup and fill it up, bringing you spiritual food, bringing you spiritual drink.
It's never meant for us to be anemic, to be weak, limp-wristed, but to have a backbone, to be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might.
He gave us the power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us, for the joy of the Lord is our strength, and we will make it, and the victory is ours in Jesus' name.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for joining us.
We just want to tell you always to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again.